this is not helpful he's right behind us
yep he wants us to die go go go all
right we're at the Waypoint good job hey
it's it jack I'll get him like any hit
me hit me twice commit suicide head of
trying to hit him into the thing like
there's a ravine over there like no I'm
almost dead yet yeah all right you ready
to go where is he right now hailey stop
he's over there he's trying to get his
way to us yeah all right I just want Oh
grab it didn't even cook Nicole I just
place it a stick for nothing all right
let me grab this and make it and I
sportful now only grab that he's right
over there he's coming he's coming he's
coming quick um you better get that
funds Tavella I got it all right here we
go I see him I see him he's a ok let's
go down down down into her huh let's go
let's go what you watch back up back up
get out of here we don't want you who I
wish I gotta like a bug look at I look
at him he said you little you pansy ok
oh my god when we gonna get let me get
some lower lows try to try to get him
off i er I wanted to come up here let's
go Hey look I'm I just a curse for you
come on Oh what you want oh you free 25
waiver liba 5 a favorable for fire
missing you get him you hmm ah burn him
I didn't know no I died yeah is he dead
I don't know dad you did he really yeah
I win fire rules did you like jump down
there I just he came up and I just like
through the fire down and jumped in it
with them looks like if I'm going down
you're going down with me oh all the
stuff burned up in the fire yeah there's
a one-woman somewhere that's all oh I
took them for the key good luck I will
go with Chinese food
you